Young Master, it’s all my fault for eating.
I'm going to cut it for you.
You were so humiliated before, but now it's too late to cut you off.
Young Master, I didn’t know your identity before. I was wrong.
I was really wrong. It turns out I was wrong too.
You're wrong, you mean. those ordinary people,
Just any happy thing.
I'll go with my brother
You are the ones using Zhao Shifeng
Why don't I want to see you? Of course
You were important to me before
I have always been a comrade. Come and move everyone.
Your current status
Mentioned that she was the right person for the business
I will go to see my husband today
Find them
Just go and do your business first. No need to do it.
Then this is the life of a heavenly being
Look for the same thing
Now I was just arrived by Xiaoye
Don't want to live anymore
this is not me
I don't know the way
I'm wearing my identity
He was alive before
Who are you when you are younger? Remember?
I'm at the bar tonight
You hit me
That bar saw the door
What are you doing when you touch the door and go down?
Let's go back and watch you leave first
Let me tell you who said it
It’s not that I have endless talk
It's better to use it as a house.
You made my floor wide open
You do it
Very clean for me
Then if I don’t do it, I’ll be too small
It's quite full at ordinary times
If you can't
I can't remember what happened yesterday.
Don't go too far
I'm looking too much
I have this knowledge
Young Master, I am a half-spiritual person.
I let you stand
You have to stand
I let you
You were saved well. If you know it, stop it.